Update 2022-02-01.md (#16)
introcompsys/spring2022: notes/2022-02-01.md

```markdown
## Reflection
1. Describe the staging area (what happens after git add) in your own words. Can you think of an analogy for it? Is there anything similar in a hobby you have?
2. what step is the hardest for you to remember?
3. Compare and contrast using git on the terminal and through your IDE. when would each be better/worse?
4. Describe the commit that closed the `classmate` issue, who does it attribute the fix to?
```

## More Practice

1. Find the "Try it yourself" boxes in these notes, try them and add notes/ responses under a `## More Practice` heading in your `gitoffline.md` file of your KWL repo.

> 2. Download the course site repo via terminal.
> 3. Explore the difference between `git add` and `git commit` try committing and pushing without adding, then add and push without committing.  Describe what happens in each case in your `gitoffline.md`

Reviewer: ```suggestion
1. Download the course site repo via terminal.
1. Explore the difference between `git add` and `git commit` try committing and pushing without adding, then add and push without committing.  Describe what happens in each case in your `gitoffline.md`
```
these we don't need to b/c of how markdown is rendered
